we analyze the main headlines of the
video of Ricky Eddy with his girlfriend Frank
Cuesta is on Twitter and asks Irene
Montero to get involved in this matter
gives the review applauds Frank Cuesta
announces video against Ricky and also
announces a visit to the Sanctuary of Thailand
uncle Sur gives his opinion on the civil lawsuit that
delux has filed The kid from sin miedo
al éxito some gossip channels and
Mariana and Chozas very likely
participants and opponents in
evening 4 all done and much more here on
your favorite gossip channel What's up my
kids How are you good Saturday but
Saturday of big gossip the problem is not
that it is Saturday of big gossip the
problem is that tomorrow there is more coming I
have already warned you these days and not
me but delux himself announced it
in one of the talks he did with me on
the secondary channel And the thing is that in the
next few hours surely today Sunday
the interview he
did with by virus will be published where he is going to drop
many, many headlines I am not
going to go on and on intro
today because the video has  quite a lot of
information and I have a lot to tell you
all just to remind you all that it is
completely mandatory on this channel
that you press the like button apart from
that if you are interested AND you like this type
of content and want me to continue
doing it please subscribe
just that's okay Now without further
delay Get comfortable And let's get down to business
well first of all I have been
reacting to the video on my
secondary channel I am going to tell you what for
me have been the most important points
basically the points that summarize the
story then they also put in a lot of other
filler that may seem relevant information to you
but to me it seems like
private information that you may find a
little more empathic with them or not I
insist these headlines that I am going to give you
below for me are the summary
of the video the video lasts an hour and from
here it is enough to draw a
conclusion to the story first of all
Ricky his girlfriend Laura have been in
a
long distance relationship for some time and I say long distance not because they do
n't see each other often they do try to
see each other as much as possible and now you will
understand why I say it in
quotes but she lives in Zaragoza and
works in something they have not said in the video
what type  work is has a part-
time job I understand that she will be a
saleswoman somewhere or something like that I have no
idea and he lives in
Andorra so far it seems that they have
never considered moving in
together the most logical thing is that she would go
to Andorra not because she is the girl but
because he is the one who invoices more and he has to be paying
taxes there therefore the
logical thing would be for her to go
there to look for work but as I
tell you this is a long distance relationship in
which from time to time they organize
to see each other this is perfect we take
trips we go to events together I don't know we
coincide everywhere we invest as much
time as we can in each
other the income we have we
spend mainly on being able to get together
more and it's been a lot of time here I spent
a lot of time there and it's true that the
last few months I am starting to be a little
more distant above all less aware of
the relationship I do not have it as a
priority because I am starting to have a
very exponential growth in the networks
than my main job and I decide to give
more time to work do more hours of
Stream expand to other platforms  to
dedicate more time to the
creative processes so releasing music or
making a more elaborate video have a better idea
and she has expressed this to me on a few
occasions but I'm OK I'll always have
time for you but right now
I'm in a season where this all the
people who work in this also who
work in anything that requires
investing a lot of time are aware
that sometimes the obsession with doing
things well at work beyond earning
money repercussions whatever that is, I don't care
Beyond things working out I
'm happy Well it often
happens that you get more distracted from
important issues in your life that should be
more important because you focus on
more professional ones The Movida that gets us
to where we are today
begins when Ricky plans a
weekend in which he goes out and travels with other
youtubers to attend the big
youtubers game among other events that are
work related she gets
angry takes it badly and organizes to
go partying with some new friends
apparently for her This trip doesn't
suit her because she considers that it is not
entirely a work trip that here  I
consider the first situation, no,
even if it's not for work, it's for a
work event, but even if later
when the event is over, you have a party or
the next day you go out for drinks and
tour all of Valencia, what
happens when you have a partner, you are not the
owner of that partner, it's the person you
trust with whom you share your life,
continue enjoying life when it
ends, as long as there is loyalty and
respect, at the last
YouTube game, this year's game that took place
in Valencia, where I had already
spoken with her about what plans we were going to be
able to do together this summer due to
her ability, her
work schedule, her finances, and my
availability for work, like Vento's,
which I would like to attend, or plans, which I would
like to go to, violence didn't
happen like one of them, it's something that it's
true that I was more excited about
because it was a YouTube game, and it was
like the event where we met
the previous year, but I was going down
mainly because I had been invited
to see it from the stands, there were some colleagues
who were going down by car who could
take me, so the trip didn't cost me anything,
and then there was the theater on top of that  and a
magical thing that those of you who follow me on social
media, well, you saw this, it sat very
badly with them and it affected them a lot because Well,
how did you take this as if I didn't
count on you, basically that same
month, which was the one we had the most events,
yes, it's true that he told me that
weekend was for work and I had
understood that weekend as something related to work, he was
going with people from his job, he was going to such an event, a
colleague in the profession But it's true
that we were going to see a football event, I didn't
think they were I didn't understand it as
work and that's it and I accepted it and Well, it
bothered me to see, like, it was
already outside the work environment but
also I could Exactly that there were more
things apart from work and that I didn't
know that here is a quite
important episode and that shows you a little
What is the situation of this couple,
apparently they have a mega fight for this
reason in which both disrespect each other
in a brutal way, they do not go into
terms or details but imagine
not when you are telling something in a
YouTube video in which you are also
trying to clean up your image Because for
me  this video is a video in which
Ricky tries to clean up his image after
everything they are saying about him it is
assumed that in this video you are telling
things in a way that interests you,
you know how that fight would be
and what those two would say to each other
after that mega fight apparently
she who is in a
diagnosed depressive state has an attempted
suicide I imagine that I do not need
to explain what an attempted
suicide is and if you do not know what it is then
look it up but basically it is an
attempt to get out of the way when
Ricky finds out about this far from
canceling his plans and going to have a
rapprochement with his girlfriend visit her or
worry about his partner who is supposedly
trying to commit suicide
decides that he has a lot of work that he has a
lot of trouble And what happens that at other
times Yes that was a
horrible argument it was very long it lasted right almost
the entire trip from Andorra to Valencia by car
in which the final consequences due to
the stress and anxiety that she
was under due to the way in which
we spoke and why I will not say that we did not
disrespect each other in a
looked for directly but it was a
very heated tone because it's over so that it does
n't seem like what I
did was because of the argument I had
with Ricky or because of him or for nothing so it's been
a very bad week, something that I haven't
told you either It's that I've been
suffering from problems like depression and
things like that diagnosed diagnosed
something to say I have depression I don't have
Exactly it's been a very bad week and it was one
of those times when the slightest thing affects you enough
to completely explode that illusion
that we had there it affected me a lot because it
's true that we said very ugly things to each other
and that we shouldn't have said to each other and it
affected me so much that I said enough is enough I
tried to get out of the way that day Well
because as I've already told you I've been there for
many many more years and that week
had been very complicated for me due to
other issues That was like the straw that
broke the camel's back so well my
behavior on the other hand was that
I knowing that I was in this situation
that in fact I was the one Knowing what I
wanted to do or what I was going to do,
I called emergency services to have her
transferred to the hospital and
stabilize her myself a day  today I
regret not having canceled everything I
was doing and having deviated
towards going to see her just because in other
arguments we had
previously Of such intensity but
with not similar goods but like
arguments of the same style I did not think it was going to
be so serious I actually asked her for
that weekend to disconnect
and to be on my own and I did not take this
situation as how serious it really
was that was a mistake of mine and a prize
that I completely regret and for which I
feel like a piece of garbage of a person and a
couple after this there is an episode coming
that also sends balls It turns out that
after two weeks without seeing each other she
has four days in a row of rest
in which she proposes to be together and he
tells her no that he can't that he was
busy with one of these series of
video games that he plays on Twitch
that he was fully creating content and
that no Or so as a long
distance relationship you have to manage to see as
much as possible I imagine that above
all because of her work because he does not
have a boss and he can adapt the
conditions and his work with more
ease at least than she  and you
say you have four days off and
you tell him no, that he's playing a
video game on Twitch apart from that
if I'm not mistaken Ricky Eddy always
trims in the afternoons, that is, after
lunch and he spends the whole afternoon, that is,
by 9 or 10 they are usually not there I do
n't know if you will agree
with me but I consider that human beings
have a series of needs both
sentimental and affectionate
homosexuals I'm not going to mince
words the fact that you have to
work on what prevents your partner from
going over there to spend the four days
with you even if she is at home with you
even if you are busy with work she
is at home with you you sleep with her you
wake up with her there is a
strange move in fact the gesture of him not
moving to go see her when it is
assumed that she has had a
suicide attempt for which she has been admitted to the hospital
gives me the feeling that this
guy does not trust this girl I have
seen Ricky Eddy criticizing certain
women on Twitter and certain profiles and
I get the feeling that Ricky  deep
down I thought that the girl was
exaggerating or that she wasn't telling
the truth But well that is a
subjective opinion without being present and that maybe
the point is that when
Ricky rejects her, she
makes plans and organizes like a
party trip with her
friends and some new friends Laura
asks me if I have time and if I want
her to come up to spend some time
with me in Andorra four days of partying
five at work I had like four
days I do
n't know what he was up to but it was something very
constant
but just Five Nights is worth it But well he
was very very involved in doing
live and in making content because he has
a streak of like 3 months of
daily life and he was very focused and I told him well
let me do it and the
weekend but in these days I'll spend you
here alone and you do what you want free
So as he told me that he had to
work I decided to go on a trip with
some friends at first everything was
great But in the end Ricky and I ended up having
an argument after that
get together with these new friends that's
when Ricky on the
occasions that he sees her begins to notice the
strange and  that she is hiding things from me there came
a time when I wasn't comfortable
with the situation she was in
because I began to feel distrust and
security a plan that she made me Thank you very much
and I felt like she
hadn't cared that she was very clear about
things and without further ado and The fact is that we had
a very strong argument over a video
call over a video call and I
decided that maybe the best thing was to go to the
hospital Although we will tell you later, it
wasn't like that But well, she decided to
go to the hospital The next day she returned
home and knowing that she had been admitted
that night and that she was sick I
said I'm not going to start the same mistake
twice I'm going to go down to see her as soon as I
can which was the next day if I'm not
mistaken I wouldn't go back to see her at
work no, since she's recovered And
well I went there to see her at work as a
surprise some friends took me
by car too and from the first
moment that I saw her there at
work She was different, she was different
I noticed that Laura had changed she
looked at me in a different way she almost didn't even look at my
eyes I noticed like something was missing that
something had happened but I understood that it was
that good had spent a weekend
with really good friends somewhere else and
that he had liked the plan and
now he was into that more of being more
because Laura has always been very
attached and very affectionate and very romantic And
as if that had disappeared or that had been turning
off he justified it to me
by saying that I had been a long time that I had
not been
attentive enough And now I felt that I had to
show him that I really was and I did
n't see it that way at all but Okay don't
worry I will continue to be at full capacity
because I want to be at full capacity with you I have
made this decision what you just
heard is very contradictory with what
comes next because then it
turns out that we are going to find out that
Laura continued contact with the boy she
was meeting up with the boy more times she
was gossiping with her friends
against Ricky Eddy and she the excuse she gives
Ricky to say that she hasn't
told him that she has been abused until now
until this weekend when
everything exploded is that she wasn't aware
that her
friends must have told him or that she found out through
people because she wasn't aware that
she had been abused So
why Ricky at this point from the
first moment that she has already gone out to
that party you have had that encounter with
that boy is already weird with him it is already noticeable
that you are hiding things from him with the passing
of the weeks weeks in which they
are together she tries to act as
if nothing without telling him anything they go to
events together they do things together I mean I don't
understand at what point you don't tell
your partner that if it is supposed that
something so serious has happened to you but well as the
weeks go by Ricky Eddy realizes
that the girl is chatting with a
name on her cell phone which is a name that
Ricky does not know therefore he
wakes up at night although he says
that he wakes up from a nightmare I am not
going to tell you if it is true or a lie
because I am not in Ricky Eddy's body
but the thing is that Ricky Eddy
wakes up at night while the
girl sleeps and searches her
cell phone in which he finds not only
conversations between them and another boy
conversations that are deleted in
pieces but also conversations with
friends gossip and he also finds out
reading these conversations that the
girl would have been trying to organize
another get-together where all
these new friends were included Laura that I am
really affected I am going to end it
all because I feel that I have been cheated on
and that I do not want to continue with
the relationship she tells me I am going to make
these people disappear from my life
forever pretending that they never
existed because I have
realized that things are wrong and well she
eliminates them and blocks them everything from
everywhere because she does not have, does not want to have any
more contact and is aware that she has
done things wrong I saw that she
showed it to me Look so you can see that it is not and it is
true that she fulfilled this but the
next day I receive another version more
things that happened is very different from
what Laura had promised and sworn That it
was the reality that involves a
sexual relationship it reaches me from another place of
course I am in shock because she told
completely Although that has not gone that far
because well testimony of
swearing of such from Look I eliminate
everyone so you can see that this stays
here and involves that I do to Laura the
same thing that I did at her house the
previous week and I tell her I found out
in this case  it's true because it has
reached me but I want you to tell me yourself
Laura bursts into tears she can't believe that
this information has reached me her head
is like it explodes and she ends up
confirming that there was sex but
that she wasn't conscious at that
moment to put it into context a little bit
we're talking about the day before everything
that happened on Twitter the day
before regarding this that Ricky
Eddy says and what he tells her Hey look what they've
told me but this time they really told her she's
referring to a previous episode in
which Ricky Eddy there have been times when to
get things out of him he
told him that someone had told him
I was also very Rachell when it came to
telling him that I knew everything Hey I've
found out everything because
people who were there told me and that
's why she started saying Well now you
know I'm telling you that this is something that
Ricky himself has criticized of giving the
review two weeks ago maybe so we
could be facing a case
of a little bit of projection I
told him like okay I've seen
a lot of videos of people who  He says he
talks to you, you make up things and then
if you make a video you tell them as if from
a person, he told me that this person
spoke to him in 2014, I don't know who, and he made this up,
he made it up and
says it, and now since he doesn't know, he says they
told me but it's not even true
and he wanted to make it up to throw
[ __ ], that's a bit sneaky, but
well, I understand when he has nothing to
throw out, he has to make things up.
But well, going back to the story of the
two of them, when Ricky throws it in
the girl's face that he found out that she
had sex with another guy during this time,
she admits it to him but tells him
that she had sex because she was
unconscious, in other words, abuse, there were very
long oral intervals in which
I find out this information and I
torment myself mentally and psychologically.
I suppose the same thing trying to
convince myself that it's a lie that
they lied to me that this didn't happen
when my partner confirms it but I
get that point of Hey, but it was like
this. It destroys me inside
because I don't know how to fix this
situation, I don't know how to react, the
first thing I do is tell her  that this has
been an abuse that if she really
was not conscious or does not remember having
given consent because she was not in
full use of her faculties that would be
abuse and it could be considered a series
that already accepts it she is conscious you
cannot corroborate now without then do not
say no no forced them to think what they have
done no no she realizes that having
occurred without her remembering
details of any of this means that she has been
abused here we could comment on
several things not like for example
she assuming that she is a victim of
abuse who has also criticized people
like Ari Gameplays for not condemning
Goku even defending him went to the evening
with her boyfriend buying some tickets
so as not to miss the event but well
that would be a separate issue The Move Is that
this would be a bit contradictory and
hard to believe considering that
in the conversations that I had
found and committing By the way, a
crime of registering her phone because
you cannot register
your partner's phone is a crime, I had found
partially deleted conversations in
which she continued contact and the
relationship with that boy who
had supposedly raped her and not only that she
continued the relationship with  he but it's also
that he was trying to cheat
on Ricky or trick him and make a mess for him To
organize a get-together with
them again, a crazy lady that I'm not going to give
details but it was like horrible
I felt super helpless and like super
humiliated and I felt like I had an
incredible insecurity and when I
woke up the situation I
find myself in is that I have my partner on
top of me that he's sleeping this in the
morning at 7 in the morning at 6 7 I don't
remember tomorrow you were alone because
we're not super late watching television
something that I have
never done in my life that I know
could be considered a crime if she
wanted to report it and everything she
wanted to throw at me because I know that
this can't be done that I have
never done and that I don't want to have to
do again ever not even that it
crosses my mind because it's a
symptom of distrust and insecurity
that you flip out that was looking at my
partner's phone or that I have criticized in countless
live videos I have said that it is the
most toxic thing there is in fact it is I
totally agree with that that
other occasions give their opinion but I did it because
I woke up with a typical anxiety that
you have a dream that you think is
premonitory and you say damn what is
happening such and why do things fail me
because everything is not as it was before because
that attitude changes so much I become very very
paranoid so much that I began to look at
her chats her conversations
specifically conversations with people
that I had recently met and that I
had no context of who they were I discovered
that all the chats had been deleted
specific parts in which there was more
information but that could not be read I already
discovered that she was the one who organized the
plan for which she wanted to miss two days at
the house that we had organized
months ago that she was the one who was
investigating the rest of the participants to
go do something else and well I discovered a
message that really pissed me off which was like
the time that I had been
spending this week with her in her city
that she is able to work and
practically doing nothing almost
the entire hour she spent at her job to be
with him accompanying her because as she already
communicated asking to be taken out of
there not because well I'm going to be in
company these new people instead
of with me and that hurt me a lot
a lot apart from other things that I saw
But well I didn't look either anyway I stayed there
but mind you not only had I
tried to organize another party where
this guy and all his new friends went
but I had been with them on other
occasions so after that
occasion I had continued to meet up with them it's
not only that I went down that time but
in the month that passed until we were back
up in Andorra and he
repeated He went down again he was with
these people and well I'm calm because I know
that they were people that I considered very
close and that there was trust and I well let him
do whatever they want regarding
the issue of taking legal action and
filing a complaint against her alleged
rapist both the girl and Ricky
claim that they are not going to do it because
well basically and in a few words as
summarized as possible that I can
tell you that they are lazy they are
lazy to report it because a
legal process is very long It burns a lot and because he
says that it is an issue that he wants to forget it
is an issue that he does not want to report
legally because he wants to forget but he
prefers to report it on YouTube which is
where it is not  they forget things, this is
what I want to go to the police station, we have to
report it and she breaks down and Exactly that's where
my part comes in and that's when I tell
Ricky that I'm not going to do it, that anything
that is legal I reject it More than
anything because first because as I have already
told you before I already have a pending case
with my ex-partner I do not have
enough evidence to win that complaint
and mentally I am not prepared or well enough
to face another judicial process
because Well the last one basically they did not
file it but they have stopped it
being a case of
constant gravity and with evidence and they have
stopped it For the simple fact that I have
spent time the defense says Oh and
why didn't you report it at the time it is to
me with everything I have lived through with this
case of my ex-partner it scares me a lot to
have to report a person without
any evidence So there is not going to be
anything legal first because I do not
see myself prepared and second because I think it will
be useless since I do not
have the necessary evidence to win
there are those who live in their
fantasy world and think that as soon as a girl
goes to the police station and  Say hello, they've
told me to put him in jail, they put him in
jail. But unfortunately, well,
luckily too because the presumption of
innocence is also something necessary. But
luckily, unfortunately, life doesn't
work like that. In order for you to be able to
convict a person who has suffered some
type of aggression, something related to
sexual abuse, the other person is not going to be
like who. This is okay, come to jail,
no, the other person is going to be asked for
testimony, arguments, evidence, and
unfortunately, the fear with which Laura
surrounded this news, this information, and
this way of seeing it after it
happened made her stay in contact.
Let's say she's not going to report it because it's not a problem.
Also, she's not going to report it
because she also has another
open procedure that hasn't been completely archived,
but it's still there, it's
provisionally dismissed, that is, that procedure would
have nothing to do with this one, nor will it
surely be reopened,
nor does it have anything to do with whether you have to
have 10 open procedures. What
happens, I mean, if tomorrow they beat you up,
what happens? You don't report it because you have
other open procedures, it just doesn't make
sense, let's see.  At this
point and now we discuss a couple
more things, I personally And if I have to
apologize tomorrow because it's
true and I'm truly sorry to
these girls if I'm doubting her and I
'm wrong And yes, she is a
victim but personally everything
indicates something else to me what it would
indicate to me is that they have a
long distance relationship that for some reason they are
maintaining it for some reason they are both
interested in maintaining it but in reality
the girl was looking for a life
elsewhere and I think that she
was even getting excited about another story I don't know I do
n't know if she was getting excited about another
story but she was getting
the itch to have other contacts
in fact I think that if Ricky hadn't
caught her, she's the one who ends up
leaving Ricky The thing is that when
Ricky catches her the way he catches her, she
feels very bad, she feels
cornered, she sees the other person very hurt and she
feels so guilty that she has invented
this story or that she has invented it or
that she has embellished it a little, no And that she has
taken the lie so far that she
no longer  can go back The move of this
is that if this is a lie Lies
have very short legs and I would not be
surprised if suddenly
some of the friends that Ricky
is accusing of covering up a crime came out,
basically he says it literally in
the video that they are covering up a crime
or the boy himself, not that the
boy himself or the environment of this boy come out to
comment the opposite because
what happens here is that if this had been
committed if this had happened there would be
a victim and whoever does it
as they know the rest of the friends
were at the parties were witnesses they
cannot also be witnesses in a
trial So I personally do not
believe it but it is that it is more that I
think that Ricky does not believe the attitude that
Ricky has had these days on Twitter
throwing Twitter at him because he
knows very well how Twitter is going to behave
when you give a like They are
simply already watching you When
we are someone so media-friendly when you
block someone they
immediately realize that you do not follow
someone who is in your circle and even more so
if you delete the photos they will distance themselves and
if you are throwing  pullas For two
weeks now on your Twitter account The
move of this impressive It's that he has
also released a new song on
Spotify I hope it has nothing to do
with this story okay the move also
is that these people are telling this
story in which an
alleged abuse of his partner is involved, the person
who accompanies you in life for me for
example It's that the figure of my partner
well is a very important figure in my
life, I mean, she is the person that I go hand in
hand with it's like let's say without her I
lack everything no obviously I mean I can't
imagine that you have to
give an explanation of something traumatic
like this because you were forced to no
because the move here is that both of them
have told it and this is public because
they wanted to because he was
throwing innuendo Because he was already
dropping little things because he gives her the idea
and he proposes to her that she put
those threads Although later she says that she said
no I don't know what But well First she
proposes it I don't see myself going out to
tell this story anymore I'm not telling
you anymore monetizing the video because well it's
your YouTube channel and now  that the video
is there because the views are monetized,
whatever, it's not that the video is edited and
the swear words are censored, it beeps
at the sensitive words so that the
video doesn't have a problem monetizing and
before publishing the video 24 hours
before they published a teaser in the
purest sálvame style so that the video would
have more expectation than eye That
would be [ __ ] great if suddenly the
video was an interview on a
gossip channel okay Imagine that they
come here and I make a teaser Well it
would be more logical but that you come at it like that,
no, it's something that involves something
as serious as sexual abuse of your
partner, of a person who is also
diagnosed with depression and is
taking anti a lot of things grate on me,
a lot of things about this
story grate on me after telling the story
the end of the video Ricky lashes out at the
review for the last video he
made,
accusing him of things from
a decade ago, for example, I'm not doing it to
attack women because he hates
women because they are misogynistic sexist you
can call me what  whatever you want that's
calling me sexist and misogynistic people
who in 2013 said that Miley Cyrus should be
slapped for performing
with Robin at a dance festival on
MTV things that Ricky Eddy himself
just a couple of weeks ago had criticized
not that a person well in fact he
did it talking about Dallas himself they
took clicks from five or six eight
nine years ago as if that were a sack or
as if that represented you it would be a
contradiction today So it's
true it's true that if I in the past
said I would never do this and then I
did it most likely because
times change and it's very normal for
people to change their opinions therefore I'm not
going to criticize But anyway And
finally he announces legal measures
against Dallas review yes they are not going to
denounce the rapist but they want to
denounce Dallas review it's not to
defend any of the insults that he gives the
attacks against Ricky in that video I
put my hands on my head with those
insults I understand that we have to be more
assertive and I try to do it although
sometimes I also make the mistake of
getting out of hand but it's a person
with whom you have a conflict since 2015 and it's
a person that you have started
to attack, he even has a twist stating
that they would smash his face in or something like that
if my memory doesn't fail me anyway,
a person to whom you have dedicated
Well, I don't know if there are already three series or something like that
that surely add up to
millions and millions and millions of
views And they surely add up to between 2 and 3
dozen videos be very careful that they don't
take me out of context you can
take a person's videos however you
want if your channel tries to comment on
the controversies you can comment on
a Dallas video every day because
Dallas is on Boca all over the world
almost every day but one thing is to
comment on it and another thing is to attack if you
go to court and tell a
person that you are suing them for what they
said to you in a video when you have
been 30 I am giving you a random number
in which probably maybe
not At the same level Maybe a little
less Or maybe in some
a little more times but I'm sure you've made
comments that aren't exactly
assertive and I'm sure that many tweets and
in many live streams and in many videos
you have attacks and this in a court of law is
a textbook mood of retouching no
lawyer is going to tell you to report you're not
going to report given the review what you ca
n't have either such
thin skin after 30 videos with one if you
have I don't know how many attacks on a
person then when they give it back to you You
eat it the one who also wanted to come out and
give his opinion on this matter has been
Frank cuesta with a statement on
Twitter that In my opinion he has been as
always very but very based and
being to the Ministry of Equality or
any prosecutor to open
an investigation into this case to
try to find the alleged rapist
because here clearly we have to
clarify if this has been a truth or
a lie. Hello everyone look
today
today I was listening to a video
of a person that I occasionally follow
on Twitch he is a streamer named
Ricky Edith and I saw a video where he
and his girlfriend
say that someone has raped her but that they do
n't want to report it  because she already has
another complaint against another person and
it seems not worth it,
basically as if she's lazy, they
are saying in a live stream
that someone has been raped and that they are not
going to, they are not going to report her out of
laziness, look, I don't know if this is true
or not true, but it seems very serious to me, it
seems very serious, especially since
we have to set an example for a
lot and I have
seen a long video where they are
trying to make excuses that she cheated on him
but then it was
abuse, which later was rape.
These days, men
in general are accused of being abusers and rapists. And if
this is true, Ricky
reports it, then a police station is
not reported on Twitch,
a live stream is not reported, it is reported to a
police station, if not, You are going to report it and you
have done a live stream, okay, you are
unpresentable,
okay, because nobody is going to believe
that your girlfriend has been raped when
you go out publicly to say it in a tweet
in a live stream and you cannot file a report
if your girlfriend is raped, File a report
and if he has cheated on you and he is
scared  tell you that he
cheated on you, well, don't say that she's been
abused, let him tell you that he cheated on her,
but it's such a serious thing
that no one is hitting on you when you crash
for saying four comments about when
a friend goes out to party, or something, or something,
and you guys here publicly
have the balls to say that
your girlfriend has been raped and that you're not going to
report it because she doesn't want to,
but let's see where we are, what are you,
what the [ __ ] are you an example for the
new generations, they
're calling all men
abusers, rapists, the
worst kind, and when there's a rape you go out and
do a live stream on Twitch and say that
your girlfriend has been raped but that you're not
going to report it because since she has another
case and it hasn't gone very well, well, you're not
going to do it, you're
embarrassing, you're embarrassing, and I
hope that from the Ministry of
Equality, the prosecutor's office, someone
files the complaint and all
this is clarified because what you can't do is
directly say that my girlfriend was
raped because we had
problems and such and I thought that he raped me
horns and she comes out and says that she has been
raped that is not right
if she has been raped report it to a
police station do not do a live broadcast to get
visitors to try to look good
for all the [ __ ] you have been
putting on social networks these
days
and it was a police station I from here urge the
prosecutor's office lawyers whatever to
clarify it Because if it's a lie you are
both [ __ ] [ __ ] and if it's true it is
[ __ ] [ __ ] who raped your
girlfriend
but things have to be done right
and you don't have to make a spectacle of a
rape and you have to make money from a
rape and you don't have to do
what you have done which is
shameful
and [ __ ] disgusting also posted the
following tweet that Dallas shared
if you report a rape
murder or any criminal offense on
YouTube etc. the police
Ministry of Equality prosecutor or another
institution must come forward to help
and investigate if it's true the
offender will be found and prosecuted and if it's a
lie then you get a package for being an
[ __ ] And of course if you don't want
your personal relationship to be talked about don't
tell  your personal life in a video There
is no Hey here that is worth it is called [ __ ]
common sense well let's see personally
If the Public Prosecutor's Office had to
act ex officio every time someone
accuses another someone of something on
social networks but at least in Cases like
this that are so viral and have been trending for three days
As for example happened with
Naim Darrechi I think that they should
investigate if it is true And if it is a lie
and we would see what happens if it is
true or it is a lie and these people
have made it up Dallas has shared
Frank Cuesta's video on his
Twitter account and has taken the opportunity to announce
that Soon Frank has already told this I
don't know if he told it on his channel or on
mine the review I participated in are going to visit the
sanctuary and they are going to be there with the
animals recording and so on besides they
are people who really like
animals and the series well in the series is going to
be a bomb A few days ago I
told you exclusively that the youtuber
delox who is the youtuber who now has
this podcast where he is interviewing
several people like
Dallas for example  Ricky Eddy Agustín 51 Well he
was being criticized By the way
channels simply for having
interviewed Dallas but not criticized
as such but rather they were accusing him of
all kinds of crimes and a lot of
things that the guy considered
insults and slander the other day
I was telling you that
the first civil lawsuit for the
right to honor has already been admitted in a court in
Barcelona and the second lawsuit is
waiting for the attorney to work
when August ends but the second
lawsuit is also ready one of
those two lawsuits has already been filed the other one has already been filed the
other one has already been
accepted the other one is that I directly have to
sign something to give
rights to the I don't know if being an attorney
laser has already eaten the complaint and he
already has it there it should be if it hasn't
arrived now it will be on its way
as he says the donkey is very slow they are on
vacation it will arrive by
September I suppose and I have not reported Turbo yet
I have the complaint made In
fact I was lucky enough not to have it yet I
can say this eh that I spoke with
the lawyer and  Living in Andorra I
have to go down to the SEU to give
powers and blah blah blah But the point is
that this person made the mistake of
defaming me again once I already had
the complete complaint So it gave me the
luxury of Adding more information that they go
sue that not only do they have
full coverage Because
a series of crimes are being charged here that
are not crimes insults that is an
objective fact Okay and in this case it is that
we have nothing from the other
kid, I mean when there is an exchange of
insults an exchange of attacks or something like
that in court, well normally what
usually happens is that it is not that it has
no coverage but it is that in
this case it is not that they have crossed the line
but the other kid has never
said anything to them simply they have
taken it out on The kid because they
need to make videos against
Dallas and whatever it is, whatever Dallas is, well,
they have to come out against it and
the finishing touch is that the boy on
several occasions, first by
private message and then by burofax, leaving
everything recorded, has tried to reconcile
with them so as not to go to court
when you do this imagine if you
end up in court I think you're going to
understand it very easily if
someone is trying to solve
things the good way and you far from not
wanting to solve it the good way They
make you more cocky you start laughing at the
lawyer and you start telling him and you continue
calling him scammer scammers scammer
and a lot of insults and
even that you're going to profit more and that if
the lawsuit comes to you you're going to make more
videos and you're going to ask for money so that they
pay you the lawsuit Well I think you don't
have many chances Well it
turns out that when I saw
this guy's face at first I didn't think anything
but then I said this guy sounds familiar to me
I thought that this clip of the
Nazis was going to be the funniest thing in the
interview But when I started to
investigate who this guy is I was
amazed I mean you're going to freak out I
mean there are the scammers but
the guy who did the interview
Dallas is that he is at a higher level he is
like the god of scammers you
have to have a little responsibility
over  what one says man I want to say
one thing I have absolutely nothing
personal
guys is that if Turbo and Laser
jumped against Velos it was more
because he did an interview with
Dallas than really because they
cared about what he has done in his
past that he hasn't done because I don't
know the truth
in the end what a foolish thing to get into
such a judicial mess for this
for wanting to flirt with Dallas for the subject
that since he did an interview with her and
then well you say this barbarity you
already get into a mess man that doesn't
interest you but nobody does man what I don't
even understand is the fact that my
Laser nor Turbo has been able to at
least have a talk with him because
Laser has said I'll pass and he said well
I'm not going to cry
at least talk to him man in a
talk with him he will say information
but I don't know I see it as a very stupid move
man with the amount of video topics
that you can make with all that you have
with all that you have to comment on
Every day the thousands of videos that you can
make it
is a I tell you that it is a
super unnecessary move and the only thing I'm going to
say is that people should  have a
little responsibility if you're going to
make an accusation at such a level You know what
man I don't know what you're a Christ
bro but from there Calling
someone a scammer well man that
's already a move finally news
that I stole from the youtube gossip
Chostas and Mariana both willing to
fight in the 4th evening Mariana against
Chostas that it was put on the
table that Chostas and Mariano could
have a battle in the 4th evening of the year
Well this is basically because of the
history he has of the
multi-accounts of showgas like he was throwing
precisely at Mariano when he won
revelation of the year and Chostas, he
ended up losing to him because the
show itself that ended up
beating Mariana himself and well the
point is that after all this history they had there was
a fight there and it was
commented again about them being able to
fight in the battle in the 4th evening of the year
Shock is also
saying that that would not be possible but
nevertheless tomorrow he said the following he
would have to be a big guy but not
a mission
in a fight you're not going to  to find that you
already know neither the one you have nor the one you
have I mean that's not what you can search for But what you
can search for is something that
resembles So Mariana is a good one well
Mariana really has to have some cake
[ __ ] said [ __ ] but it fits you Hey I
also saw that thing eh what they were
commenting on my name with chocas well it's
that I need to fight with someone who
has this the other and this the other I had
said it for the people who had
asked me but the truth is I don't like to
say it on Stream so as not to
cause a fuss or anything like that but
if they offered me to fight
with someone it would be with chocas 100% I would
go for it I like you I like you I like you
but if they offered me to
fight with chocas
I would accept if it would be to train until
next year if it would be to train until
next year because the truth is that
I have a lot of things that I want to get out
before next year but I
don't know I yes yes yes I would take MMA I
don't think so  that mma is not that it seems
very aggressive to me it seems to me something very not
very rough very something very like that I had it
boxing without a doubt I had it boxing but
mma no no no no I don't like something like that
boxing because I was seeing some tiktoks around there
that said you crash like I said it's not that he
continues against Mariana No most
likely they are going to funar me Yes you win you
crash Yes you win Yes yes you
win
but I have big arms I have
big arms and I am fast I am fast I
personally think that this fight is
going to happen because both are
willing Because they are two of the top
because both have a good relationship with
Ebay and they collaborate with him and I would dare to
say that this fight is going to happen
family up to here today's video
my goodness what a long video I
have today I hope it has been your
liking I imagine that if you have reached
this part of the video you will be
liking it has entertained you at least
let me know in the comment box
the only way I can ask you to
rate this work and if  I'm
interested in continuing to upload this type
of videos, sharing it by giving a like and
subscribing is worth it. A huge kiss to the
family if you love each other and we'll see each other tomorrow,
most likely at the same time. Okay.